## Object Oriented DataStore(aka Embedded DataStore)

First of all, I want you to know that the goal of OOS in software industry is to **Make Efficiency Great Again!**

The algorithm complexity of OOS even in the WORST cases, is still 
        **O(log n)**
for insert, query and delete operations

The underlying technique of OOS - my customized B-Tree algorithm highly optimized for the state-of-the-art SSD Disk system is basically implemented in C language, only wrapped by a thin C++ layer, which is the interface for the OOS engine -  EDatastore which is written in STANDARD C++ without any third party dependency (libraries).

You can also find the use of some advanced C++ techniques in this open source project such as "Reflection" - C++ Runtime mechanism and C++ Template Generic Programming.

No matter your projects are written in C++98, C++03, C++11, C++14, C++17 or higher, they all can benefit from OOS, actually OOS can be easily seamlessly integrated to your whatever current or legacy projects, so that your applications can run smoothly, efficiently and gain huge performance improvement and flexibility by employing OOS.

Generally, each datastore generated by OOS has two files with the extension name .OOS and .idx no matter how many tables(objects) there are inside it, one is the data file another is the index file. So it's very convenient for you to migrate and deploy your applications to different machines and/or different platforms - just "copy-and-paste" the two files for each datastore. Of course OOS supports multiple datastores running in one single application as well.

OOS is written in OO and for OO, thus it removes the ORM burden which works as a "middleman" between the applications and the traditional RDBMS to make it more efficient and much easier for modern applications development. Objects ARE tables in OOS, many objects consist of a Datastore, neither SQL nor conversion between applications and RDBMS are needed. Yes, it's just so simple and so direct and so INTUITIVE.

OOS is compatible with the traditional but widely used RDBMS with a easy conversion if necessary, but I bet you won't need this, because the more you know and use OOS, the more you love it.

OOS is ongoing, still evolves... The goal of OOS is not to replace the RDBMS that's suitable for large complex database applications and people who like and are good at SQL. OOS, just like the name hints, it aims at embedded system and applications, but so far it has flourished in desktop applications as well which delivery channel are via Internet, because as a developer or software vendor:

    * you don't have to buy and install the cumbersome relational database servers
		  onsite for your clients
    * you don't have to ask your clients to buy and install the cumbersome relational
		  database servers by themselves
    * you don't have to buy the dedicated relational database servers and install them
		  at your company for your clients' connections and accesses

OOS wins in the efficiency and affinity with the frontline application developers.

----------------- **Something you need know** -----------------

01. For efficiency's sake, we stipulate the length of the class names MUST NOT be longer than 31 characters, otherwise undefined behavior.

02. The persistent application data is stored in .OOS file

03. The datastore index is in .idx file

04. This example application is built in Visual Studio 2015, actually you can build it on Linux or Mac OS X as long as your C++ compilers(g++, clang...) support C++ 14 with the minimum adjustment. Actually, it can also work with compilers which only supports C++ 11 standard with a bit "fine tune".

06. The example application creates one datastore "SPORT" in which there's a table named "Athlete"

07. The example application included in the project is the best studying material for anyone who'd like to apply OOS in his projects

08. The OOS project itself has very low requirement for your compilers, C++ 98 is enough.

----------------- **How to integrate OOS into your projects** -----------------

Step 1: Add these OOS files to your projects:

btree.h, btree.cpp, cons.h, cons.cpp, currency.h, currency.cpp, date.h, date.cpp, dst_util.h, dst_util.cpp, edatastore.h, edatastore.cpp, key.h, key.cpp, linklist.h, node.h, node.cpp, trnode.cpp

Among those, "cons.h, cons.cpp, currency.h currency.cpp" are unnecessary if you don't want to build a console client application.

Step 2: Add this statement in your projects where necessary:

#include "edatastore.h"

That's ALL.

Have fun!
Jerry Sun
* Linkedin: http://nl.linkedin.com/in/jerysun
* Website:  https://sites.google.com/site/geekssmallworld
* Github:   https://github.com/jerysun/
